cm_cart_item_addition table:

session_id          	string              	                    
cookie_id           	string              	                    
time_stamp          	string              	                    
product_id          	string              	                    
product_name        	string              	                    
product_category    	string              	                    
product_category_id 	string              	                    
product_category_top	string              	                    
product_category_bottom	string              	                    
base_price          	double              	                    
quantity            	smallint            	                    
order_id            	string              	                    
site_id             	string              	                    
cart_attribute_1    	string              	                    
cart_attribute_2    	string              	                    
cart_attribute_3    	string              	                    
cart_attribute_4    	string              	                    
cart_attribute_5    	string              	                    
cart_attribute_6    	string              	                    
cart_attribute_7    	string              	                    
cart_attribute_8    	string              	                    
cart_attribute_9    	string              	                    
cart_attribute_10   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_11   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_12   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_13   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_14   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_15   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_16   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_17   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_18   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_19   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_20   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_21   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_22   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_23   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_24   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_25   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_26   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_27   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_28   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_29   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_30   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_31   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_32   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_33   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_34   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_35   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_36   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_37   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_38   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_39   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_40   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_41   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_42   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_43   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_44   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_45   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_46   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_47   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_48   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_49   	string              	                    
cart_attribute_50   	string              	                    
event_date          	date                	                    
time                	string              	                    
hour                	tinyint             	                    
etl_crt_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_upd_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_batch_id        	int                 	                    
dt                  	string              	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
dt                  	string              	                    
cm_cart_item_purchase table:

session_id          	string              	                    
cookie_id           	string              	                    
time_stamp          	string              	                    
product_id          	string              	                    
product_name        	string              	                    
product_category    	string              	                    
product_category_id 	string              	                    
product_category_top	string              	                    
product_category_bottom	string              	                    
base_price          	double              	                    
quantity            	smallint            	                    
order_id            	string              	                    
site_id             	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_1	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_2	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_3	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_4	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_5	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_6	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_7	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_8	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_9	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_10	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_11	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_12	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_13	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_14	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_15	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_16	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_17	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_18	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_19	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_20	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_21	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_22	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_23	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_24	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_25	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_26	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_27	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_28	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_29	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_30	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_31	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_32	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_33	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_34	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_35	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_36	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_37	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_38	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_39	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_40	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_41	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_42	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_43	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_44	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_45	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_46	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_47	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_48	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_49	string              	                    
purchase_attribute_50	string              	                    
event_date          	date                	                    
time                	string              	                    
hour                	tinyint             	                    
etl_crt_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_upd_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_batch_id        	int                 	                    
dt                  	string              	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
dt                  	string              	                    
cm_order table:

session_id          	string              	                    
cookie_id           	string              	                    
time_stamp          	string              	                    
order_id            	string              	                    
registration_id     	string              	                    
order_total         	double              	                    
shipping            	double              	                    
site_id             	string              	                    
order_attribute_1   	string              	                    
order_attribute_2   	string              	                    
order_attribute_3   	string              	                    
order_attribute_4   	string              	                    
order_attribute_5   	string              	                    
order_attribute_6   	string              	                    
order_attribute_7   	string              	                    
order_attribute_8   	string              	                    
order_attribute_9   	string              	                    
order_attribute_10  	string              	                    
order_attribute_11  	string              	                    
order_attribute_12  	string              	                    
order_attribute_13  	string              	                    
order_attribute_14  	string              	                    
order_attribute_15  	string              	                    
order_attribute_16  	string              	                    
order_attribute_17  	string              	                    
order_attribute_18  	string              	                    
order_attribute_19  	string              	                    
order_attribute_20  	string              	                    
order_attribute_21  	string              	                    
order_attribute_22  	string              	                    
order_attribute_23  	string              	                    
order_attribute_24  	string              	                    
order_attribute_25  	string              	                    
order_attribute_26  	string              	                    
order_attribute_27  	string              	                    
order_attribute_28  	string              	                    
order_attribute_29  	string              	                    
order_attribute_30  	string              	                    
order_attribute_31  	string              	                    
order_attribute_32  	string              	                    
order_attribute_33  	string              	                    
order_attribute_34  	string              	                    
order_attribute_35  	string              	                    
order_attribute_36  	string              	                    
order_attribute_37  	string              	                    
order_attribute_38  	string              	                    
order_attribute_39  	string              	                    
order_attribute_40  	string              	                    
order_attribute_41  	string              	                    
order_attribute_42  	string              	                    
order_attribute_43  	string              	                    
order_attribute_44  	string              	                    
order_attribute_45  	string              	                    
order_attribute_46  	string              	                    
order_attribute_47  	string              	                    
order_attribute_48  	string              	                    
order_attribute_49  	string              	                    
order_attribute_50  	string              	                    
event_date          	date                	                    
time                	string              	                    
hour                	tinyint             	                    
etl_crt_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_upd_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_batch_id        	int                 	                    
dt                  	string              	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
dt                  	string              	                    
cm_page_view table:

session_id          	string              	                    
cookie_id           	string              	                    
time_stamp          	string              	                    
page                	string              	                    
page_id             	string              	                    
content_category    	string              	                    
content_category_id 	string              	                    
content_category_top	string              	                    
content_category_bottom	string              	                    
onsite_search_term  	string              	                    
page_url            	string              	                    
page_referral_url   	string              	                    
site_id             	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_1	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_2	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_3	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_4	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_5	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_6	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_7	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_8	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_9	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_10	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_11	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_12	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_13	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_14	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_15	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_16	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_17	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_18	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_19	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_20	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_21	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_22	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_23	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_24	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_25	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_26	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_27	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_28	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_29	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_30	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_31	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_32	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_33	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_34	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_35	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_36	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_37	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_38	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_39	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_40	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_41	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_42	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_43	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_44	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_45	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_46	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_47	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_48	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_49	string              	                    
page_view_attribute_50	string              	                    
search_results_count	int                 	                    
event_date          	date                	                    
time                	string              	                    
hour                	tinyint             	                    
etl_crt_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_upd_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_batch_id        	int                 	                    
dt                  	string              	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
dt                  	string              	                    
cm_product_view table:

session_id          	string              	                    
cookie_id           	string              	                    
time_stamp          	string              	                    
product_name        	string              	                    
product_id          	string              	                    
page_id             	string              	                    
product_category_id 	string              	                    
product_category    	string              	                    
product_category_top	string              	                    
product_category_bottom	string              	                    
site_id             	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_1	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_2	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_3	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_4	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_5	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_6	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_7	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_8	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_9	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_10	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_11	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_12	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_13	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_14	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_15	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_16	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_17	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_18	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_19	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_20	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_21	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_22	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_23	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_24	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_25	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_26	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_27	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_28	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_29	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_30	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_31	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_32	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_33	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_34	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_35	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_36	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_37	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_38	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_39	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_40	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_41	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_42	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_43	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_44	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_45	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_46	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_47	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_48	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_49	string              	                    
product_view_attribute_50	string              	                    
event_date          	date                	                    
time                	string              	                    
hour                	tinyint             	                    
etl_crt_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_upd_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_batch_id        	int                 	                    
dt                  	string              	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
dt                  	string              	                    
cm_session_first_page_view table: 

session_id          	string              	                    
cookie_id           	string              	                    
first_time_stamp    	string              	                    
first_referring_url 	string              	                    
first_destination_url	string              	                    
first_referral_type 	string              	                    
ip_address          	string              	                    
time_stamp          	string              	                    
referral_name       	string              	                    
referring_url       	string              	                    
referral_type       	string              	                    
natural_search_term 	string              	                    
destination_url     	string              	                    
user_agent          	string              	                    
search_engine       	string              	                    
marketing_vendor    	string              	                    
marketing_category  	string              	                    
marketing_placement 	string              	                    
marketing_item      	string              	                    
visitor_ad_impression_id	string              	                    
event_date          	date                	                    
time                	string              	                    
hour                	tinyint             	                    
etl_crt_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_upd_ts          	timestamp           	                    
etl_batch_id        	int                 	                    
dt                  	string              	                    
	 	 
# Partition Information	 	 
# col_name            	data_type           	comment             
	 	 
dt                  	string              	                    
cm_technical_properties table:

